Add "string not blank when trimmed" validator (#217)
sovity/authority-portal: CHANGELOG.md

#### Patch

> - Fix not handling whitespaces as text fields input [#193](https://github.com/sovity/authority-portal/issues/193)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Input fields containing only whitespaces are now properly validated and an appropriate error message is shown [#193](https://github.com/sovity/authority-portal/issues/193)
```
